README			this file.

makeroman		make roman numeral

copy		copy
append		append

up			go up
down		go down
left		go left
right		go right

scale		scale around left-bottom of em square
xscale		scale horizontally around left-bottom of em square
yscale		scale vertically around left-bottom of em square
cscale		scale around center of em square
crotate		rotate around center of em square

gettop		get top of glyph bounding box.
settop		set top of a glyph to given y.
aligntop	align top of a glyph with given target.
getbottom	get bottom of glyph bbox.
setbottom	not yet.
alignbottom	not yet.
getleft		get leftmost point of glyph bbox.
setleft		not yet.
alignleft	not yet.
getright	get right most point of glyph bbox.
setright	not yet.
alignright	not yet.
getgwidth	get glyph width (from lsb to rsb).
setgwidth	set glyph width by scaling.

zenkaku		set width fullwidth(em)
hankaku		set width halfwidth(en)

reverse		reverse outline (outside to inside, inside to outside)
prerotate	make glyph prerotated for vertical writing

accented	build accented glyph
super		build superscript
sub			build subscript

-- build composite glyph (first argument is the composite CID)

h2			horizontal two.
hh2			horizontal two (both halfwidth)
v2			vertical two.
d2			diagonal two.
vd2			diagonal two (for vertical writing)
hh3			horizontal three (each are halfwidth)
h21			horizontal 2-1 block.
tr			2-1 trianglar.
v21			vertical 2-1 block
vtr			2-1 trianglar (for vertical)
h22			horizontal 2-2 block
v22			vertical 2-2 block
h23, v23	horizontal and vertical 2-3 block
h32, v32	horizontal and vertical 3-2 block
h33, v33	horizontal and vertical 3-3 block
h34, v34	horizontal and vertical 3-4 block
h44, v44	horizontal and vertical 4-4 block
vpar		vertical two (first is parenthesis)
vparl		vertical two (first is parenthesis, second is aligned left)
vparr		vertical two (first is parenthesis, second is aligned right)
vren		vertical two (second is parenthesis)
vrenl		vertical two (first is aligned left, second is parenthesis)
vrenr		vertical two (is aligned right, second is parenthesis)

frac		fraction (components and result are fullwidth)
hfrac		fraction (components and result are halfwidth)
dfrac		vulgar fraction (fraction with diagonal fractional bar)
hdfrac		vulgar fraction (fraction with diagonal fractional bar, halfwidth)

circle			glyph surrounded by a circle
blackcircle		white glyph within a black circle
square			glyph surrounded by a square
blacksquare		white glyph within a black square
rsquare			glyph surrounded by a square with rounded corners
blackrsquare	white glyph within a black square with rounded corners
paren			glyph surrounded by a horizontal parenthesis

fwdig_p		fullwidth digits with period
